README.md, before:

# Erebos [![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/MainframeHQ/erebos.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/MainframeHQ/erebos) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/MainframeHQ/erebos.svg)](https://gitter.im/MainframeHQ/erebos)

JavaScript client and CLI for [Swarm](https://swarm-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @erebos/swarm-browser # browser-only
yarn add @erebos/swarm-node # node-only
yarn add @erebos/swarm # universal
```

## [Documentation](https://erebos.js.org)

- [Getting started](https://erebos.js.org/docs/getting-started)
- [API reference](https://erebos.js.org/docs/swarm-client)

## Packages

| Name | Version | Description |
| ---- | ------- | ----------- |
| **Clients**
| [`@erebos/swarm`](/packages/swarm) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm) | Universal Erebos library for Swarm
| [`@erebos/swarm-browser`](/packages/swarm-browser) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm-browser.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm-browser) | Browser-only Erebos library for Swarm
| [`@erebos/swarm-node`](/packages/swarm-node) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm-node.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm-node) | Node-only Erebos library for Swarm
| **Standalone APIs**
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-browser`](/packages/api-bzz-browser) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-browser.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-browser) | Browser-only Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-node`](/packages/api-bzz-node) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-node.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-node) | Node-only Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/api-pss`](/packages/api-pss) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-pss.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-pss) | Postal Services over Swarm (PSS) APIs
| **CLI**
| [`@erebos/cli`](/packages/cli) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/cli.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/cli) |
| **Base classes**
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-base`](/packages/api-bzz-base) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-base.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-base) | Shared logic for Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/client-base`](/packages/client-base) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/client-base.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/client-base) | Shared logic for Client APIs

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) v10+ (includes npm)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) (optional - faster alternative to npm)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition)

### Setup

```
yarn install
yarn bootstrap
yarn build
docker build --tag erebos --file Dockerfile.erebos .
```

### Running tests

In one terminal window run:

```
docker run --publish 8500:8500 --interactive --tty erebos
```

And in the second one run:

```
yarn test:all
```

## License

MIT.\
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Add Node.js version requirement

README.md, after:

# Erebos [![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/MainframeHQ/erebos.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/MainframeHQ/erebos) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/MainframeHQ/erebos.svg)](https://gitter.im/MainframeHQ/erebos)

JavaScript client and CLI for [Swarm](https://swarm-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

Node.js v10+ is required to use the Node.js APIs and run the CLI.

### Client library

```sh
yarn add @erebos/swarm-browser # browser-only
yarn add @erebos/swarm-node # node-only
yarn add @erebos/swarm # universal
```

### CLI

```sh
npm install -g @erebos/cli
```

## [Documentation](https://erebos.js.org)

- [Getting started](https://erebos.js.org/docs/getting-started)
- [API reference](https://erebos.js.org/docs/swarm-client)

## Packages

| Name | Version | Description |
| ---- | ------- | ----------- |
| **Clients**
| [`@erebos/swarm`](/packages/swarm) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm) | Universal Erebos library for Swarm
| [`@erebos/swarm-browser`](/packages/swarm-browser) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm-browser.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm-browser) | Browser-only Erebos library for Swarm
| [`@erebos/swarm-node`](/packages/swarm-node) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/swarm-node.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/swarm-node) | Node-only Erebos library for Swarm
| **Standalone APIs**
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-browser`](/packages/api-bzz-browser) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-browser.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-browser) | Browser-only Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-node`](/packages/api-bzz-node) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-node.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-node) | Node-only Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/api-pss`](/packages/api-pss) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-pss.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-pss) | Postal Services over Swarm (PSS) APIs
| **CLI**
| [`@erebos/cli`](/packages/cli) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/cli.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/cli) |
| **Base classes**
| [`@erebos/api-bzz-base`](/packages/api-bzz-base) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/api-bzz-base.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/api-bzz-base) | Shared logic for Swarm (BZZ) APIs
| [`@erebos/client-base`](/packages/client-base) | [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erebos/client-base.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erebos/client-base) | Shared logic for Client APIs

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) v10+ (includes npm)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) (optional - faster alternative to npm)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition)

### Setup

```
yarn install
yarn bootstrap
yarn build
docker build --tag erebos --file Dockerfile.erebos .
```

### Running tests

In one terminal window run:

```
docker run --publish 8500:8500 --interactive --tty erebos
```

And in the second one run:

```
yarn test:all
```

## License

MIT.\
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
